---
layout:     post
title:      The Mumps
author: Diana Ruth
---

This week was honestly a disaster because I came down with some kind of horrible mysterious illness. All my friends were joking that I have the mumps because we got a campus email of a mumps outbreak the day I started feeling sick. But I cross-checked my symptoms with WebMD and I'm proud to say this is something else. Just some kind of weird throat thing, but it's been really inconvenient because I've been sleeping rather than doing my schoolwork. I'm still not better, but life has to go on so I'm headed back to school in the morning. Just don't sit next to me.

- What did you do this past week?

    A lot of coughing, sleeping, and popping Advil like it's candy.
    
- What's in your way?

    All my homework assignments are completely backed up because I haven't worked on anything all week. I'm sitting in a study session for a EE probability class as I type this post. I just have to get caught up so I don't fall farther behind. It's nice I already have my collatz project done from last semester. I just need to make a few tweaks to improve the runtime of my code and that shouldn't take too long.
    
- What will you do next week?

    Next week I need to make sure I'm keeping up with assignments. I've fallen so far behind already and I need to make up for that slack and get ahead next week.
    
It's actually pretty interesting going through this class a second time. His jokes are still pretty funny the second time around, especially when he compares catching exceptions to shooting your husband/wife because they annoy you. Hearing the material a second time makes me think harder about the concepts, and understand them on a deeper level than I did last semester. I thought it would be tedious to sit through the same lectures, but I find myself more captivated this time around than last time.

On Thursday, I asked Professor Downing what the difference was between the == operator and the word "is" in Python. He then asked me what the difference between == and isEquals is in Java. This is likely something that every computer science student learned in 312 or 314, but I'm an Electrical Engineering major as well and our equivalent classes were taught in C. I've actually never had a Java class in my life; I taught it to myself on the side. So I didn't know how to answer that question. After embarassing myself since I didn't know the answer, he revealed that the == operator refers to the identity of the object and the word "is" refers to the contents of the object. So if you want to tell if one object points to another object, use ==. If you want to compare the contents of an object, use the "is" keyword.

Tip of the Week
---------------

There's always room for improvement. Even though I got a very good grade on my collatz project last time, I want to make sure it works as well as it possibly can. I'm going back through Professor Downing's suggested optimizations and trying to implement as many as I can without breaking my code. There's always a way to make your code better and faster, it just might take some complicated thinking.
