---
layout:     post
title:      Aspiring Web Developer
author: Diana Ruth
---

Hello, world. I'm coming at you live this week from an algorithms review session, ready to give you the hot and juicy details of my past week in Software Engineering.

- What did you do this past week?

    More sleeping, and a lot of recovering (finally). I think today is the first day I've actually felt like myself again. I didn't have my voice for six days so I'm excited to be able to talk again. I registered for and attended uMAD hosted by the Computer Science department and really enjoyed myself. I'm really passionate about web design and development and this course is one of the only ones that covers those topics. I got to learn about technologies that make designing websites easier, like [Sketch](https://www.sketchapp.com) which is used for a variety of design needs such as creating app logos and UI layouts.
    
- What's in your way?

    The Netflix project was released today. Although I completed this project last semester, my error on the large input file was too high so I got a large amount of points off. I want to make sure I get that straightened out sooner rather than later. It's a big project so I want to make sure I leave plenty of time for fixing bugs and organizing all the files.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will likely get started on the Netflix project with my partner. We were in the same group for CS439 and we work together well, so I'm excited to work with him again. I also want to get ahead on the readings so I can bring my quiz average up. It's been a little too low for my taste lately.
    
I'm feeling really excited about web design after attending the conference. I'm not an artist by any means, but I'm creative and have an intuition for clean UI layouts. I like experimenting with color schemes and panels to create different feels for a website. I joined [Design Collective](https://www.facebook.com/groups/dsgncoll/), which is a group of UT students that do workshops on general design, such as print design or digital design. If you're interested in web design, check out this group and attend one of their workshops.

Tip of the Week
---------------

At uMAD this Saturday, I learned that there are technologies out there to help with every little task in your workflow. While it might be appealing to create something from scratch, it's incredibly cumbersome to have to reinvent the wheel. Use frameworks, libraries, and technologies that help you accomplish your tasks as quickly and easily as possible, because they were created by very smart people for a reason. I've been learning [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/), a JavaScript framework created by Google that helps you make your static HTML pages more dynamic. I created an interactive quiz about horses to help myself learn the framework. You can check it out at **www.dianaruth.me/horse_quiz**. I can't put it in a link on this page because I'm getting that certification issue whenever I do, so just copy and paste the link into a browser if you want to see it.
