---
layout:     post
title:      Presentations
author: Diana Ruth
---

We submitted phase 3 of the IDB project this week. It went smoothly except for a few hiccups with implementing the backend of our search function. Everything got done and our website looks awesome. Now we need to work on the presentation aspect of our project. We need to create a page to exercise the ComProDB group's website, critique their website and our own, and provide a 15 minute presentation about our findings. This will likely happen during the last week of school.

- What did you do this past week?

    We completed and submitted phase 3 of our project. We also continued learning about refactoring, and started applying techniques like reflection to both Java and Python code. It's interesting to learn these very specific aspects of programming, I never had any idea some of these things existed.

- What's in your way?

    We need to finish the last parts of phase 3 of our IDB project by our presentation day. I will be incredibly busy these last two weeks because it's the final week of my senior design project for EE. We've worked hard and now we get to show the world how hard we've worked on our project.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will present both my IDB project and my senior design project. I'll also do my regular weekly homework assignments and start studying for our second exam in this class.

Tip of the Week
---------------
I really enjoy using Bootstrap, but sometimes the Bootstrap features can overpower what you actually want. If you want a CSS framework that's more minimalistic, try [Skeleton](http://getskeleton.com/). It's a lightweight framework that provides simplistic elements like a grid system, buttons, headings, and form elements, but doesn't overpower the elements that you really want to customize.
