---
layout:     post
title:      Home Stretch
author: Diana Ruth
---

I had a really rough week this week. I had a midterm in my hardest class and it didn't go nearly as well as expected, so I've been feeling pretty down. In my mind, if you work hard and study hard, you should do well. But I'm trying to put that out of my mind for the time being and focus on Software Engineering. Phase 2 of the IDB project is due this Thursday. Our front end is well-prepared for this phase and won't need too much adjustment. We have scraped all our our data and just need to dump it into our database. Carina takes a bit of a learning curve, so we'll have to see how the database holds up and how to connect it to our web application.

- What did you do this past week?

    I studied for the aforementioned test, which didn't pay off as I had hoped. I also did my weekly homework assignments for other classes. I've been keeping up with the readings for software engineering and have improved my quiz scores dramatically.

- What's in your way?

    Project #4 is due on Thursday, so we need to keep moving forward with that and finish on time.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will work on Project #4 and start to study for my Algorithms exam next Tuesday.

Tip of the Week
---------------
Although I'm on the front end team for my group'S IDB project, I've been trying to work with the back end so I understand all aspects of the application. I found [this tutorial](https://getcarina.com/docs/tutorials/data-stores-mysql-prod/) on how to connect a Rackspace cloud database to a Carina container. It should help figure out the nit-picky details of working with Carina.
