---
layout:     post
title:      I &lt;3 Web
author: Diana Ruth
---

After another crazy horse show weekend, it's once again time to play catch-up and get a hold of my classes. The worst thing about these horse show weekends is that I always bring my homework but there's no time to do it. Especially at an away show (this one was in Baton Rouge), there just wasn't enough time. So when I rolled in to Austin at 2am completely exhausted, I had no time to recover. School goes on.

- What did you do this past week?

    I studied for exam 1 because I knew that I wouldn't have time to study over the weekend. Professor Downing graciously allowed me to take the test after the show since I had to leave for Louisiana on Thursday afternoon. I'm so glad I studied because I barely had any time to do so today before the exam. I also found out on Sunday that I got accepted to the study abroad exchange program for the University of Melbourne, and I'm thrilled!

- What's in your way?

    Project 3 was released yesterday and we went over the specifications in class today. I'm actually really excited to start this project. I absolutely love web development and all I want to do is learn more about it. I'm excited to learn how all the parts work together, and learn all the exciting libraries that we have the opportunity to use.
    
- What will you do next week?

    Next week I will start on project 3 and stay ahead on the readings. My quiz grades have been low lately, which is unfortunate. I want to put more effort into staying on top of things, even over spring break next week.

Tip of the Week
---------------
One of the JavaScript frameworks we can use in project 3 is called React, which is maintained by Facebook. There is a Chrome extension called [React Detector](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-detector/jaaklebbenondhkanegppccanebkdjlh) that shows an icon on the address bar if a website uses React. It's pretty cool to see how many popular websites use React, there's a lot!
