---
layout:     post
title:      Finals
author: Diana Ruth
---

This awful semester is finally ALMOST OVER. I'll tell you what, I honestly did not think I would make it to the end. It's weird for me right now because all the people I started college with are graduating. I'm not graduating until next May because I declared a second major, so it's weird feeling like I should be graduating when I'm not. I think I'm picking up on my friends' senioritis, and it's too early for that! 

- What did you do this past week?

    We completely finished the course. I really enjoyed this course overall because I was exposed to a ton of different technologies and languages. I learned a lot throughout this course and I would recommend it to any CS student. In the wake of all the classes I really didn't enjoy this semester, I always enjoyed going to Software Engineering. We had our second midterm on Thursday night and I think it went relatively well. There was one question where I didn't read the instructions carefully enough and ended up forgetting to implement an important aspect of the problem, but that happens sometimes. Hopefully the rest of the test will make up for that mistake.

- What's in your way?

    I have two really tough finals. The first one is most important because it's worth a huge chunk of my grade and I'm not doing super well in that class. I'll be studying for those and then be done with finals on May 16.
    
- What will you do next week?

    Just more studying. It's never fun, but it's necessary. Since I'm graduating in a year I'm trying to pull that GPA up so grades are really important to me. I just hope I don't get burned out! Like I said, it's been a rough semester and I'm just excited to be able to relax for the first time since January.

Tip of the Week
---------------
Earlier this week I was trying to update my portfolio website and I was having trouble getting my project screenshots to align. I kinda wanted to do it like a grid so it wouldn't just look like poorly planned rows. I found this jQuery plugin called [Gridster](http://gridster.net/) that helps you make grids with different size elements. I plan on using it to redesign my layout when I get a chance after finals.
