---
layout:     post
title:      Grand Camping
author: Diana Ruth
---

This was the last week before spring break. It snuck up on me really quickly this year but it's good to know that I'm halfway through this crazy semester. For spring break my friends and I are taking a road trip to the Grand Canyon to go camping which will be a lot of fun. One of my old friends from Georgia is coming into town to join us as well, so I want to take her around Austin when we get back from Arizona.

- What did you do this past week?

    We went over the specifications for the IDB project and started to form groups. My group is planning on making a database about Star Wars characters, species, and planets. I'm a huge Star Wars nerd so I'm really excited to work on this project. I'm more of a front-end developer so I threw together a pretty cool splash page that has the classic Star Wars scrolling intro text.

- What's in your way?

    I will be busy for the entirety of spring break because my friend is here, so I need to work really hard when she leaves to stay ahead of my classes. I've been getting behind on homeworks for all my classes and I need to make more of an effort to stay ahead. I also haven't been doing too hot on quizzes because my bus keeps getting delayed, so I need to leave earlier for class so I won't miss any more.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will enjoy my spring break and start to catch up on school toward the end of the week.

Tip of the Week
---------------
When browsing open source projects on GitHub, I notice that a lot of projects have their Travis build status embedded in their README. I wanted to do that for our project so people looking at the project in the future could see its build status. You just have to go to the page of the build you want to embed, click on the "build passing/failing" picture, and select "markdown" from the dropdown menu on the modal. Then you can copy that markdown into your README and display your build status to anyone looking at your project.
