---
layout:     post
title:      Crunch Time
author: Diana Ruth
---

What's up, internet? I have more energy this week, thankfully. This week we finished and submitted the Netflix project. We cut it pretty close to the deadline because both my partner and I had multiple exams this week. But we finally got our RMSE down to 0.95, so I was really proud of that because it took us a lot of time and several mental breakdowns to get there. We learned about built-in Python functions like Map and Filter that create generators rather than lists. We also talked about iterable objects and lambda functions. All of these topics go hand in hand and will surely appear on the test in a few weeks.

- What did you do this past week?

    I completed the Netflix project with my partner and submitted it on time (barely). We feel confident with our project and hopefully our grade will reflect that. I also had an exam in my electrical engineering probability class that I had to prioritize, which is why our Netflix submission was so tight.

- What's in your way?

    I'm applying to study abroad in the fall and the application is due on March 1st, so I need to get that done this week. I also have an Algorithms test on Tuesday that I need to do well on, so I'm getting ahead on my studying for that.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will take my Algorithms test and complete my study abroad application. I'm really looking forward to spending a semester in Melbourne, Australia so I want to make sure my essays are top-notch.

Tip of the Week
---------------
I signed up for [Design Hacks](http://freetailhackers.com/design-hacks/), which is a hackathon for people that are interested in web design and development specifically. I've been trying to learn about UI/UX design and I think this is a perfect opportunity to collaborate with other people with the same interest. If you're also interested in web design, check it out! I'm really hoping it'll be a good time and I'll learn a lot.
