---
layout:     post
title:      Last Project
author: Diana Ruth
---

We finished up SQL queries this week by learning about insert and delete statements. The quizzes have been tripping me up a bit just because I haven't been paying attention as well as I should. This week we've also been going over refactoring and how important that process is for existing code. In one of my previous EE classes, we spent a lot of time on refactoring (and used the same exact book and code examples), so I'm feeling quite confident with this refactoring business.

- What did you do this past week?

    We learned about SQL and refactoring. I also had an algorithms test on Tuesday that I feel very good about. We also got started on phase 3 of the IDB project.

- What's in your way?

    Phase 3 of the project is very heavy on the communication side of things. We have to critique another group's site, finish writing our report, and give a 15 minute presentation. The only coding part left to do is implement a search function. This phase is going to test our ability to communicate our project effectively to the other groups.
    
- What will you do next week?

    We will finish phase 3 (early this time, hopefully). The "do everything on Thursday" strategy is not my favorite so I want to make sure we get out in front of this project. Especially considering how much writing and presenting is involved.

Tip of the Week
---------------
This week I found a cool tip for people who develop for mobile sites. One of the big inconveniences I find is that when a website has a phone number on it, there's no way for me to click on it or copy/paste it into my phone app. I either have to memorize the number to type it into my phone or switch back and forth between the browser and my phone app to type it in one clause at a time. But you can define a phone number like this:


```html
<a href="tel:5555555555">555-555-5555</a>
```


So that the user can click on the phone number in the browser to call it.
