---
layout:     post
title:      Test Time
author: Diana Ruth
---

It's late so I'm just going to jump straight into the questions for this week:

- What did you do this past week?

    I had my first algorithms test of the semester, which I felt pretty good about. I also submitted my study abroad application today so I'm hoping I get accepted!

- What's in your way?

    The first Software Engineering test is this Thursday and I want to do really well. Last semester when I took the first midterm, I couldn't commit all my time to studying because I was taking 16 hours. I did really poorly last semester so I want to do much better this time around.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will study for the first midterm. I am also going with the equestrian team to Baton Rouge to participate in a show hosted by LSU. I'll be gone the whole weekend so I want to get ahead on schoolwork this week so I don't fall behind.

Tip of the Week
---------------
One of the most important things you can do to impress future employers is to work on personal projects to show off your skills. I'm really into web development, so I spent the last five hours or so working on an online meme generator for our equestrian team coach because she always says the most hilarious things. Obviously that's not an appropriate thing to show an employer, but I had a lot of fun making it and the girls on the team have made some pretty hilarious things so far. But the bottom line is that you need to do some things on your own to practice software engineering. Just taking classes isn't going to be very impressive in the eyes of an interviewer.
