---
layout:     post
title:      I'm Back
author: Diana Ruth
---

After taking a brief sabbatical from Professor Downing's Software Engineering class, I'm proud to announce that I've re-enrolled in the course and I'm as excited as ever. It turns out I had a little bit too much on my plate last semester and had to drop this course about halfway through. However, I always had the intention of finishing this course and I'm so thankful to have that opportunity again.

And I know Professor Downing was really missing my sassy posts every week. Not to worry Professor, I'm back and I'm ready to give you another semester of painfully honest insight into my life as a Computer Science student at UT.

This first week of school we were given an outline for our first blog post. We need to give answers to the following three questions:

- What did you do this past week?

    Well, my 22nd birthday was on Tuesday. The first day of school isn't the most ideal day for your birthday, but at least I didn't have a test or something like that. I did the classic syllabus week activities: asked my friends for PDF versions of textbooks so I don't have to buy them, made an office hours schedule for my TAs, and purchased some vegetables so I can make an attempt at being healthy this school year. I'm also in Swim Conditioning, so that's a nice start to my Tuesdays and Thursdays.
    
- What's in your way?

    Not much these days. I'm feeling pretty good about this semester because most of my classes are things I've taken before. Since I'm a double major, there are a few classes I need to take twice and can't just count for both majors. So although they're hard classes, I've taken them before so they'll be easier than the first time. Or at least that's the hope. If you followed my blog posts from last semester, you'll also remember I would often talk about the negative energy floating around in UTCS. It's a competitive environment, and while competition is usually a good thing, sometimes it can be taken too far. There have been times when I was a freshman or sophomore that other students would tell me I wouldn't make it through the program or that I'd never find a job. Jeez, calm down. Worry about yourself and don't concern yourself with how I live my own life. I know I'm an incredibly intelligent woman and none of those haters are going to bring me down. It's all about confidence and hard work.
    
- What will you do next week?

    Next week I'm planning on getting ahead. I'm like most college students in the way that I tend to procrastinate with things I don't like to do. The fact that I've already taken two of my classes means that I will have very little motivation to complete my homework assignments. I'm going to nip this in the bud and get it together. Having to take these classes again is a blessing and I'm hoping to pull off some solid As.
    
Here's to 2016! I'm so excited to be in this class and I'm so thankful to be a Computer Science student at the best university in the world.

Hook 'em!

Tip of the Week
---------------

Friends are important. No matter how hard it is to meet new people in your classes, it will benefit you so much when it comes to completing homework assignments and studying for tests. I have four of my best computer science friends in class with me this semester and it's nice to have people around you that believe in you and support you as much as you believe in and support them. People are important, you simply won't get through life without them.

