---
layout:     post
title:      
author: Diana Ruth
---

This past week we focused on SQL statements. I'm pretty experienced with SQL from previous internships but it's always good to get a refresher, especially when exploring complicated statements with subqueries. On an unrelated note, I selected my classes for study abroad and applied for my housing so I'm starting to get really excited about that.

- What did you do this past week?

    We worked really hard on our project to submit it by the deadline on Thursday night. Then just a few minutes after we submitted, we were notified that the deadline had been extended for another 24 hours. This was a little disappointing because we had worked the whole day to get our project in by the deadline, but it gave us time to go back and fix a few bugs that still existed in our repo. So thankfully everything is in tip-top shape and ready for grading.

- What's in your way?

    I think I jinxed myself last week when I said my quiz grades were going up because they definitely went down this week. I need to pay better attention to the questions and not make assumptions about what the questions are asking. I also have my second midterm for Algorithms on Tuesday afternoon and a probability homework to finish.
    
- What will you do next week?

    After my test, I'll take a look at IDB3 and get a head start on that. We cut the (original) deadline pretty close this time so I want to avoid that for our last phase. I'm excited to see the whole website come together!

Tip of the Week
---------------
This summer, I'm leaving the country on July 15. Since most summer internships last MUCH longer than that, I figured there would be no way for me to get a CS-related internship for the summer. But I still applied for as many as I could and made sure to be upfront about my timing and schedule. Turns out, not everyone counted me out! I managed to nail down an internship for the eight weeks of summer that I'll be here. So the moral of the story is to never make assumptions about how companies will behave in certain circumstances. Always be honest and try your hardest!
