---
layout:     post
title:      Last Week of Class
author: Diana Ruth
---

This week was stressful to say the least. On Wednesday, my senior design group had open house where we were able to showcase our project. The end is near, and it's been a long year working on this project. Between now and the end of the semester, I have two presentations, two papers, two homeworks, a test, and two finals. Not exactly an easy workload. But I chose this life as an EE/CS major, so I have to push through and make sure I put my all into the next two weeks.

- What did you do this past week?

    We started presentations for the IDB projects. It's interesting to see the different design choices all the groups made. We got kinda stuck in our own group so I'm glad I get the opportunity to see what everyone else has been up to. I'm particularly interested in the user experience, so I thought it was most interesting to see the different UIs that groups had implemented.

- What's in your way?

    The ever-reliable Carina caused us some stress this week. We got assigned to the ComProDB group for our critique, but for whatever reason their website went down. So we lost a few days on our critique because we had to contact them and wait for them to get it back up. So now we have to scramble to get everything done for our presentation on Monday.
    
- What will you do next week?

    We will give our presentation on Monday during the 1PM class and then we have our test on Thursday. I need to start studying for that test as soon as possible but there's so much to do this week...it's gonna be a rough one.

Tip of the Week
---------------
This one is pretty obvious, but super important. Always start assignments early so that you have time to address issues and get things done on time. We are dealing with the fallout of something beyond our control (Carina being unstable and causing our other group's site to go down) and if we had started earlier we could've avoided doing everything the night before the presentation. It's always better to get a head start in case something goes wrong.
