---
layout:     post
title:      IDB1 is Done
author: Diana Ruth
---

This week marked the deadline for the first phase of the IDB project. I'm actually in love with this project. I get so pumped about websites, so I spent around three nights in a row staying up until 3AM because I literally just couldn't put the project down. I think that's how you've found your calling in life. When something gets you so excited that you just can't put it down. At least three members of our team spent most of the time working on getting Docker and Carina set up, so I was left to work on the web application itself. We finally figured it out about three days before the deadline, so there was a lot of manpower wasted on figuring out these technologies. It looks like other groups had a lot of trouble with it as well.

- What did you do this past week?

    I worked really hard on our IDB project. While the rest of my group was struggling to get Docker and Carina working, I was working on the front end and the back end of the project. I really enjoyed working on it and I'm excited for Project #4.

- What's in your way?

    I have an exam for another class on Thursday so I need to spend time studying for that. Then I have my usual homeworks due that need attention. I probably won't be able to start the new project until late this week.
    
- What will you do next week?

    I will study hard for my exam and stay on top of my classes. Only a few weeks left!

Tip of the Week
---------------
Spice up your web projects with free online fonts. [Adobe Edge Web Fonts](https://edgewebfonts.adobe.com/) offers select free fonts from the (paid) Adobe Typekit. [Font Squirrel](https://www.fontsquirrel.com/) offers free downloads for a lot of free fonts as well. Use these to make your webpage more dynamic and visually appealing.
